the question is what makes sharks new
intelligent than many other fish we
begin our investigation into shark
intelligence by looking at the basic
elements that constitute a shark out of
the over 450 shark species new sharks
are the classic prototyped
that's the basis of Robo sharks design a
shark is perfectly streamlined to cut
through water it's covered in tiny
interlocking plates called tentacles
each one is rinsed to break down water
turbulence and minimize drag so sharks
swim smoothly and in silence but there's
much more to sharks than meets the eye
they're armed with an astonishing array
of supercharged senses they can detect a
single drop of blood in 25 million drops
of seawater they hear low-frequency
sounds from more than a mile around
through their inner ears
they have a lion of pressure detectors
down each flank the detect movement and
give the shark a 3d map of its
surroundings in low-light shark eyes are
10 times more sensitive than ours
and sharks can detect the electrical
impulses that are generated by all
living things down to just five billions
of a vote so it's hardly surprising that
sharks are among the most successful
predators in the ocean
[Music]
you